The idea was that each sport would have a data gathering class, and a logic/data class for each prop. The flexibility is important since I think some props should only consider stats over the last X games instead of the season.

The original plan was to write and package these into exes for Joe to run on-demand. Python makes that easy, I've used the GUI libraries, and it can be easier for non-coders. I learned that discord/bots can execute python, so assuming it can be scheduled, discord itself could host this and uploaded directly to the channel. I didn't know about releasing outside of discord, so that is moot. I can't guarantee I'll always be available 1-2 hours before each day of MLB games, and I don't expect anyone else to.

I'm very interested in your modeling work. I rarely use GPT, so it's probably doing a lot of this in your workflow. I just wanted the control and understanding from writing the logic, but it's time-consuming and brutal if you don't know the subject really well. After finishing the sheets, I hope to read a stats book and start generating an actual model.

The Need:
The goal is only to gather and present the relevant info for a prop without picks, just ideally highlighting mismatches. I'm not creative, so formatting the output is a nightmare, but I planned to mirror the MLH colors with a modern table. I actually really like the formatted example that you sent Joe.

Joe can correct me if I'm wrong, but the images he sent were like visual examples of a final product instead of exact content to mimic. At this point, we aren't looking to use the sheets for recapping/records or model development with arbitrary grades/rates, though it can't be helped to a degree. I suspect most cappers who do that are making it up anyway. The RFI sheet can be complicated and factor in batting order and specific pitcher stats by inning, or it can be simple and average 2-3 advanced stats for the first 4 batters and compare it to the pitcher's basic stats.

Either way, at the core, we're looking for a nice, branded sheet with the day's starting pitchers and any relevant stats that help average bettors see value. The next section has some more specifics since I can't speak to RFI in particular. For the content, I put some links near the end of this novel that you'll probably find interesting, but ultimately, meaningful stats over a relevant timeline.

Joe is the boss, so if he sees it differently, it can be as basic as a two-column table with today's pitchers and an NRFI grade from A-F. Personally, I don't see much value (from a business perspective or as someone who has subscribed to many cappers) in just displaying a table from baseball-reference. I planned on putting something like a mini stats glossary and some notes at the bottom of each table. I'm making this up, but something like high wRC+ vs low K/9 indicates a good matchup for the batter.

Technical Thoughts:
I mostly focused on Total Bases stats, so I'll use that example. Naturally, the list is massive with 10+ games and 10+ batters per team. I'd weigh performance over 10 games/30 days/season/whatever against the opposing pitcher (record, L/R handed, etc.), possibly their prop record for the season (# of times a batter went over the base line of 1.5 TB), and mostly stats from the attached PDF (it's a good read for any bettor). I'd use the top and bottom 10-20% for the day's sheet. That could also provide the criteria for highlighting, but it doesn't have to be that complicated. 

For the stat columns, it would list whatever matters. For TB, off the top of my head, I'd include: batter, team, home/away, opp. pitcher, game time, ballpark factor, weather factor, batter slash, PA, BA, ISO, pitcher slash, ERA, WHIP, K-BB, HH, HR/9. That's only an example, I'd likely replace several columns with advanced/expected stats to simplify it. Random data can matter too (e.g. some players experience a lot of variance in day games, some stadiums are domed). I never decided on the context, like whether it'd be general, against that pitcher, or something moderate like when facing L/R batter/pitcher.

Wrap-Up:
I know it looks like word vomit, I just wanted to share my thoughts and point of view to get on the same page. I'm sure you can see why I struggled lol. None of that is a requirement, and the most important thing right now is just having an MVP like you mentioned yesterday. I don't know how much of that GPT can incorporate, but it'd be dumb not to use it if it helps. Although I'm never satisfied with the answer, it is helpful when I've asked GPT things like "what stats best indicate if an mlb player will go over their projected total bases". I can tell you're very intelligent and much more experienced than me, but I'm happy to help and brainstorm about any of this if you want.